Add release docs (#258)
purescript/trypurescript: RELEASE.md

# Release

## Instructions for Redeploying Try PureScript

> After making a new compiler release, do the following to redeploy Pursuit using the new compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After making a new compiler release, do the following to redeploy Try PureScript using the new compiler.
```

Reviewer: Also, if there are breaking changes then we need to update the package set as described in the main README file.

Author: Fixed the name change. I've also ported the package set docs and cleaned them up a bit. We're due for an upgrade as its still on a 0.14.3 package set.
